feat: patches SMCP instead of creating one (#26)
maistra/odh-manifests: enabling-ossm.md

createSubscription "authorino-operator" "community-operators" "alpha"
```

> **Warning**
>
> You may need to manually finalize the installation of the Authorino operator via the Installed Operators tab in the OpenShift Console.

> **Warning**
>
> Make sure to configure the Service Mesh Control Plane, as we are patching it.

> For example, the following commands configure a minimal profile:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, the following commands configure a slimmed-down profile:
```

```sh
kubectl create ns istio-system
kubectl apply -n istio-system -f -<<EOF
apiVersion: maistra.io/v2
kind: ServiceMeshControlPlane
metadata:

>   name: minimal

Author: ```suggestion
  name: basic
```

spec:

>   version: v2.3

Author: Done in [ee2aef4](https://github.com/maistra/odh-manifests/pull/26/commits/ee2aef4a36e0dd39ea985cd9f7e446870216a9ce)

xdg-open https://$ODH_ROUTE > /dev/null 2>&1 &    
```

## Troubleshooting and Tips

If you encounter issues while trying to access the web app, follow the steps below to troubleshoot.

### Issue: `OAuth flow failed`

Start by checking the logs of `openshift-authentication` pod(s):

```sh
kubectl logs $(kubectl get pod -l app=oauth-openshift -n openshift-authentication -o name) -n openshift-authentication  
```

This can reveal errors like:

* Wrong redirect URL
* Mismatching secret between what OAuth client has defined and what is loaded for Envoy Filters.

If the latter is the case (i.e., an error like `E0328 18:39:56.277217 1 access.go:177] osin: error=unauthorized_client, internal_error=<nil> get_client=client check failed, client_id=odh`)`, check if the token is the same everywhere by comparing the output of the following commands:

```sh
kubectl get oauthclient.oauth.openshift.io odh
kubectl exec $(kubectl get pods -n istio-system -l app=istio-ingressgateway  -o jsonpath='{.items[*].metadata.name}') -n istio-system -c istio-proxy -- cat /etc/istio/odh-oauth2/token-secret.yaml
kubectl get secret istio-odh-oauth2 -n istio-system -o yaml
```

> To read the actual value of secrets you could use a [`kubectl` plugin](https://github.com/elsesiy/kubectl-view-secret) instead. Then the last line would look as follows `kubectl view-secret istio-odh-oauth2 -n istio-system`.

Author: Thanks, done in [8f4a372](https://github.com/maistra/odh-manifests/pull/26/commits/8f4a372a3903e3374196de8c4e0c86f6723ed3ce)
